hey guys so well I'm back in my aunt's
place again so I was over here last
Sunday so now I'm back over here I'm
just finishing up on cutting the grass
that I didn't get done last week so I
still got still got to do all of this
over here and and also over there and
also as well as yep way over yonder as
well back side of the property oh and as
you probably see here the troy-bilt
chipper back well my grandfather up
brought this over here to my aunt I
think I may have mentioned that that my
aunt would would want to use it over
here so we had been of a catastrophe
last Sunday so all of us Aldus all the
scraps from my aunt's garden all the
vegetation she was trying to get them
all out and then wanted to mulch them
and so apparently had bit of a problem
here the chute was all completely
clogged up nothing else wanted to just
shoot right out until we had realized
that this machine here it's meant to
mulch stuff that are dry instead of wet
whereas our our entity Yard Machines
chipper shredder it's meant to just
shred up stuff that is wet
so apparently since also since being
that this is a leaf bag it's meant for
the dry stuff so so this is what happens
when you shred up stuff that is wet so
this is what happens so me and John have
been spending a bit of time trying to
take it all apart and then clean it and
as you can see here look at that that is
just completely clogged up and my
grandfather had said to me that that it
would give it all just blow right off
like when it would all dry but which I
think he's wrong
I think he's wrong about that if you
would let the stuff all dry up it would
just be as hard as a rock
so that's what now I've been trying to
actually do well I'm over here hey
Wichita checking out all the catastrophe
huh
so yeah I thought I'd just show you all
this I thought y'all would get get a
kick out of it I know I did just once we
got it all apart and also another issue
since it was all packed up the motor was
just nearly seized up and in that time
when my dad was trying to actually start
it up actually I was trying to start it
it was just so stiff and then my dad
tried to start it he pulled on it so
hard the not actually came right off on
the rope panel so I had to so I had to
fix up the starter again which was
actually a pretty simple fix all I had
to do was I had to this time I just tied
a made a much fat or not and I also had
to also had to tighten up the spring a
little bit too because there was a lot
of slack on the on the rope so I just
had to rewind the spring just one full
turned in it was all good
and so yeah well even the Flies are
loving it too
so that's what's been going on over here
so cool so I'm going to be having lunch
here in a little bit so I thought I'll
let y'all go so I hope y'all enjoyed
this video so thanks for watching